Enu'ah - (Nigeria) - A volatile combination of Chinese and Native American societies.

Though inspired by Earth's barren regions of Africa, Enu'ah is anything but dry and empty.
While there are rolling plains and yellow savannahs, there are also dense scrublands
and mild mediterannean portions along the coast, albeit rocky and somewhat inhospitable
in terms of arable land. The abundance of open space and wildlife made foraging and
establishing families easy, and early inhabitants enjoyed population booms and some of the
earliest access to the benefits of living in a fledgling society.
The Outa'ah race began their existence in the northwestern corner of the continent, qucikly
spreading to the south and eastward. 

However, as time went on, the more flat landscapes proved hard to defend,
and the Outa'ah began to war with one another over turf. As you travel from the geographical
origins of their people to the southeasterly regions, traces of peace, commerce, and culture
are seen less and less. Only those first, mountainous areas have any semblance
of an established government and stable population. In fact, the central and southern
portions of the continent are completely run by tribal separatists of the Outa'ah, deemed
both unsafe and wild, political figures and educated citizens call most of the region Shiwe,
or barbarian lands in their tongue. The Shiwe is in a constant state of war, tribal leaders
come and go as often as the seasons, and adventurers to these places rarely return. rapid
growth of this unrest was so severe, that the geography of the south is still unknown.

Enu'ah can most closely be compared to 1st millenial China in terms of its history, and its
culture is similar to that of Native American groups, though riddled with conflict. 
Groups are constantly vying against one another for control of the land, and almost
as soon as a warlord forges the start of an empire, plots against them begin to form. While
their culture is still emergent, social interactions are largely driven by honor and rank,
and war heroes are frequently praised over artists or other great minds. Their clothing is
sparse on the body and indistinct, and armor is crude and minimal in design, only covering
portions of the soldier vulnerable to head-on attack, and often made of bone or ivory.

The Outa'ah have warm dark skin, and jet black hair. Softer features characterize their
faces, they have less recessed eye sockets and thusly the token oriental facial structure.
A soft gaze is typical unless in battle or ceremony. Their clothing is largely determined by
the wildlife of that area, and adorning skulls and pelts is commonplace.

'ah - people, race
Outa - origin, first
Enu - home, dwelling