Onidewa Swamps - (Saudi Peninsula) - a dark, sinister, and humid take on feudal Japan.

Saudi Arabia is usually imagined as having the most desertous geography on the planet.
However, on Arristria, a central mountain range causes sea breezes to swirl and collect
over lowlands and deltas, leading to fertile swamps and marshes, and all the wildlife
that accompanies them. This made establishing firm foundations for personal homes difficult
on the ground, and families took to the trees and established above-ground homes. The geography here gave birth
to a bevy of insect and amphibian species, tauting some of the
most deadly venoms and diseases known to Arristria. Storing food and supplies becomes nearly
impossible in such a climate as well, and the population is kept low but stable.

The Tashi are prone to stick together, though alterior motives are often present in a union
of families. Small to large groupings of tree homes are common, and the largest are run by
specific families or groups. This infrastructure lent itself to guerilla warfare and enabled organized crime impossible
elsewhere, so much so that it became a cornerstone of Tashi culture. Compared to the strict
code of honor in Outa'ah society, Tashi feel no remorse in capitalizing on weakness and
preying on the ill-prepared. foreign travellers and merchants are not seen again, 
and their wares are sold at a high price to other Tashi.

While considered a dangerous race, there is an inherent playfulness to Tashi peoples.
Stealth and cleverness are idealized, and often friends and family members will steal and
spy on one another to show off their prowess. Those in power reached their status through 
banding together as crime syndicates, and a Tashi leader is as respected as he is feared. 
Cities have armies of assassins at the ready, constantly training or going on missions 
to increase the wealth of their group. The region is by no means in a state of war, but is
no place for outsiders.

Tashi clothing covers much of the body, and is both loose while being form fitting. Indeed,
of all common professions in Onidewa, their tailors are the most masterful and venerated.
Armor is typcially not worn by the Tashi, they prefer to wear what allows them to move
quickly and freely in battle, and abhor being heard or seen because of their apparel.

The Tashi have the complexion of the Japanese, with slight olive tones. Their hair
is typically dark brown, and a sly grin is typical on the faces of Onidewa.

Tashi - brothers and sisters, family
Onidewa - "the dark we come from"